lg chose to make 4g sound
number one marketing argument to hold
head against his big competitor samsung
first in a series of several
compatible smartphones
the optimus f5 will be marketed late
April backed by a huge campaign
of advertising here are our first
impressions before our test in
laboratory to take advantage of the networks
mobile 4g ​​it will necessarily be necessary
compatible smartphone
lg is counting on the re-equipment of
consumers to win everything from
next as the reference provider
the optimus f5 is the first of its kind
will be launched at the end of April at 369 euros and
should also be offered in pack
operator for 29.39 euros in exchange
of course a commitment of 24
months with packages that should
turn around 45 or 50 euros minimum
per month
at this price the f5 integrates obviously not
all the latest components with sound
4.3 inch screen
it holds better in the hand than the
big smartphone very fashionable in this
moment it's enough to navigate
Internet
published on social networks and more
widely to take advantage of the uses of a
smartphone its resolution is correct
sufficient for a net display
pity that a doubt hangs over its quality
processor side it integrates a double
heart clocked at 1.2giguere very
largely enough there too for
hope for good performance
lg shots on costs by limiting the
5-camera sensor
megapixels and the internal memory to 8
GB
however, the ability to
storage with a memory card
aside the major differences
the s5 datasheet looks like
devilishly to that of the optimus g the
manufacturer's high-end smartphone
sold 549 euros the price quality ratio
will probably give the advantage to f5
but of course we have to wait for
results of our laboratory tests
to be sure inside not
of surprise the team is f 5 works
also with the latest version in
google system date android
lg adds his software layer with it
its own functions so we can
take notes at any time
display multiple functions on the screen
or zoom in a captured video with
the phone our tests will deliver their
verdict as to the performance of
phone its autonomy and comfort
used to
if the optimus f5 keeps its promises lg
will have shown that the 4g is not
exclusively for smartphones
top of the line